Paleontologists uncover a nearly complete skull of a 30 million-year-old apex carnivore in Egypt - CNN

A new fossil of a dinosaur from Egypt discovered in the desert's eastern desert is the most complete skull of any major animal ever found, scientists say.

The discovery of the skull was made at the site of an amphitheater at the site of an ancient amphitheater in the eastern desert of Egypt, and was revealed last month by an international team of researchers.

The team found the fragment of a skull, which is the largest of many of the large-scale excavations involving the fossil.

"This is a really exciting finding," said Dr. Eric D. Smith, a paleontologist and curator of the dinosaur collection at Arizona State University. "This is the first time that a dinosaur has been found with this much detail for this long."

Dinosaurs were not known to have been carnivorous, and the discovery is more of a surprise than a surprise.

"What's important is that this is the first time that we have this complete skull of a dinosaur, let alone one with this much detail," Dr. Smith said.

The team found the dinosaur's skull in the sand, and the team of scientists believe the skull was unearthed in a relatively shallow water well in the ancient desert. The team has identified the jawline of the skull as a 1,000-foot-long, 3-inch-long fragment of bone.

The discovery was made by Dr. G. H. Palfrey, an American paleontologist at the University of California, Davis, who has been studying the dinosaur for nearly two decades.

Palfrey, who has been studying extinct dinosaurs since the 1930s, worked for the department of paleontology of the University of California, Riverside. During his tenure, he has mapped out the entire dinosaur family, including its closest relatives, the largest, the largest-spaced-in-the-dinosaur and the smallest-spaced-in-the-dinosaur.

"This is a huge step forward in this field," he said. "This is a great first step in understanding the evolution of these dinosaurs."

Palfrey's discovery is the first time the team