Senate passes Social Security benefits boost for many retired public service workers - PBS NewsHour

It also passed the Medicare drug benefit reform bill that had been stalled in Congress over the last few years.

The Republicans have also passed the Medicare drug benefit reform bill, a bill that would require insurers to cover some Medicare drugs.

The president's first major legislative accomplishment this week came after a second bill was introduced that would have eliminated the tax credits for insurance companies to charge health plans customers for certain preventive health care.

"This is the most radical piece of legislation I've seen," said Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., chairwoman of the Senate Budget Committee and a former chief of staff to President Barack Obama.

"This bill is about making sure that health insurance companies are charged the same amount of taxes as people who buy insurance under the Affordable Care Act, and that Medicare is not underfunded," Murray said.

The health care law would have allowed insurers to charge consumers to charge higher premiums, though it would not have made it so.

The health care law passed under the Republican-controlled House of Representatives on Friday.

Congress has a long way to go to pass Medicare reform before it is fully enacted.

The Senate will likely have to pass a health care law that is more popular across the board, and possibly be more popular than the House bill, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office.

But it is likely to pass in the Senate with a bipartisan majority, and if the Senate passes the bill, it will pass the House bill.

The healthcare law passed under the Republican-controlled Senate in October included some provisions that would have forced insurers to pay more for drugs that doctors recommended.

That bill was not included in the House bill because it did not include a provision that would have mandated deductibles for some prescription drugs, a provision that the GOP has said would have made it harder for insurers to charge some patients more.

The health care law, which passed the Senate on Friday, also includes an option to provide paid family planning services to all Americans, including maternity care, breast and ovarian cancer screenings and other preventive services.