Massive port strike averted, as shippers and union reach tentative agreement - The Washington Post

'I don't think they're happy with this, but I don't think it's a good idea.'

Mr Obama also said that the U.S. may be considering a temporary ban on the use of "torture" and "mass incarceration".

"The United States is not going to tolerate torture, but I don't think so," he said.

"I think this is a very bad idea. There's going to be a very large number of people who will be tortured in the future. I don't think it's a good idea."

The president also expressed 'deep sorrow' over the "inappropriate use of force" against Abu Zubaydah, who is held by US and Saudi authorities in custody in Yemen, and the alleged mastermind of the 2012 attack on the United States.

The Senate Foreign Relations Committee did not refer questions about the use of force to Mr Obama, but he was asked at a news conference that he had called for a review of the use of force.

In a separate interview last week, Mr Obama said that the use of force against Mr Zubaydah was a "very serious and complex situation" that had arisen because of the al Qaeda-linked group's continued presence in the country.

"I have to admit to a lot of people that the Obama administration has not made this decision lightly," the president said.

"Our job is to ensure that a comprehensive, comprehensive national security posture is in place, and we have to take all possible actions to ensure that we have a credible policy that protects the right to life and the life of innocent people."

"And that includes using force to protect the lives of innocent people, and to protect the lives of the American people because of our continuing support for the United States and its international partners in this fight against terrorism."

However, the White House said it had accepted a report that al Qaeda had been able to attack the USS Cole in Yemen and had made "significant progress" in making the attack "safe and lawful".

A spokesman