European leaders to hold emergency summit on Ukraine as Trump pushes for war’s end - CNN

Russia says it will send a message to U.S.-led coalition to halt Russian military buildup in Ukraine: "We are sending a message to our partners that Russia is not afraid to engage in a direct confrontation with the U.S.-led coalition in Ukraine, and that has to end, not just with military intervention, but with diplomatic pressure."

U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Kiev, Ukraine October 26, 2017. REUTERS/Kremlin

The Kremlin said it sent a message to Ukrainian leaders "to respect the decisions of the White House and the Ukrainian government and not to seek to destabilize Ukraine," according to the Kremlin's statement.

U.S. President Donald Trump also made clear that he would not engage in a direct military conflict with Russia, saying Russia will continue to defend itself and defend its interests in Ukraine as long as he is in power, the Kremlin said.

Trump's comments came as a new round of U.S.-Russian diplomatic talks began in Washington on Thursday, and the talks appear to be likely to resume within weeks.

The Russian Foreign Ministry said on Friday that while it was not directly involved in the talks, talks will continue.

"The U.S. and Russia will continue to work in coordination in a constructive manner," said Maria Zakharova, the ministry spokeswoman. "We will continue to monitor the situation and will continue to cooperate with the international community."

U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said on Thursday that the administration would also continue to work with Russia, but said the U.S. "did not consider Russia a participant in the talks and we will continue to provide our assurances that they will not engage in a direct, retaliatory action."

U.S. President Donald Trump speaks beside Russian President Vladimir Putin during a meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin at the G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany October 22, 2017.