Europeans explore troops for Ukraine ceasefire — and want U.S. support - The Washington Post's Josh Barro explains.

WASHINGTON — The U.S. military has begun a push to send a team to Ukraine's eastern regions, with some of the first units — some trained in advanced combat tactics — expected to arrive by next week.

The push comes as the U.S. and its allies are trying to reassure Ukraine that it will not be ceded to Russia.

The United States has long sought the Ukraine's help in the fight against terrorism and has helped Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko secure a peace deal with Russia after more than a year of bitter fighting.

But with the U.S. and its allies trying to reassure Ukraine that it will not be ceded to Russia, the alliance is now pushing for the end of the Russian-backed separatists and Moscow's support for pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine.

They hope to use the international community's support to help them take control of the east.

"They are trying to convince the Russian government to give us more time to do so," said Michael Snyder, a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine who now advises the Ukrainian government on its anti-corruption drive.

Russia is a key backer of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko's government, which has been fighting the separatists in eastern Ukraine for months and is now seen as a key threat to the region's future.

Since Poroshenko took office, Russia has been on high alert, deploying ground troops to the eastern part of the country, and the U.S. and its allies are also on high alert.

Russia is also helping Ukraine's military, most of whom are trained and equipped to deal with its armed forces.

But this will not be the first time Russia has pushed for an end to the conflict. In February, Putin's former deputy, Dmitry Peskov, said that Moscow believed that the separatists, who are currently battling for control of Ukraine's Donetsk and Luhansk regions, were coming to power in the east.

"You cannot make a political commitment to them and then not take action," Peskov told reporters in Moscow. "There