‘Superman’ Trailer Launches to ‘Over 250 Million Views,’ Says James Gunn: ‘The Most Viewed Trailer in the History of Both DC and Warner Bros.’ - Variety‘ - Video Release Date: April 11, 2017

Warner Bros. has officially unveiled Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, the newest Superman film, on Thursday.

The film was directed by Zack Snyder and stars Michael Keaton and Henry Cavill, who are producing.

The movie is set to star Tom Holland, who was attached to play Clark Kent, and Will Arnett, who produced and directed.

Speaking to Variety, director Zack Snyder said that he has been thrilled to see Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice come to theaters and will be developing the script with Warner Bros. before it is released.

"I think it's just absolutely phenomenal. I think we're going to be working with the creative team to do that, and we're going to be working with the filmmakers to make sure that the movie has a tremendous amount of story and that it's all about the two super heroes," Snyder said. "And I think it's going to be a very good movie."

Holland and Cavill's roles are expected to include one of the most prominent characters of the movie, voiced by Henry Cavill.

Warner Bros. is also gearing up to release a new Superman film in May, with director Patty Jenkins and co-star Ben Affleck set to direct.

A release date for Dawn of Justice is not expected until early 2017, but Snyder has said the film is set to hit theaters in 2016.

The movie will be produced by Universal, which is the parent company of Warner Bros.

Warner Bros. said the film will not be based on Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.

"The idea of this movie was that we want to be a big movie about the two super heroes," Snyder said, adding that "we're trying to be a big film about the two heroes and not trying to be a big film about the villains."

The Superman movie will be based on the comic book character Superman.

Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice will be directed by Zack Snyder and written by Zack Snyder and Christopher Reeve.

The film will be released in cinemas in