Exclusive | China Tries to Play the Role of Peacemaker in Ukraine - The Wall Street Journal

The new Chinese ambassador to the United States, Zhang, told the Wall Street Journal that he expects to be able to do the job for the first time.

The newly arrived Chinese ambassador to the U.S., Zhang, is the first in U.S. history to play a major role in foreign policy, having served as ambassador to China from 2002 to 2007, when he was a senior adviser to President George W. Bush.

The Chinese Foreign Ministry's foreign affairs and security bureau, the People's National Congress, is a part of the Chinese Foreign Ministry.

The ministry said Zhang is "expected to provide a full, and comprehensive, account of Chinese foreign policy."

The appointment came as the U.S. has been accused in recent months of spying on Chinese officials and officials in Asia, and the U.S. has accused Beijing of trying to influence the presidential election in China.

U.S. officials have said the U.S. government could not verify the allegations because it was not authorized to do so by the U.N. Security Council.

"It is very important that the Chinese government's account of the U.S. role is consistent with its government's own information and with that of the U.S. government's own law enforcement and judicial authorities," State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said in a statement.

Washington has denied any involvement in the espionage.

Washington denied any wrongdoing in a March U.S. Senate investigation, and U.S. officials said the U.S. is cooperating fully with the investigation.

U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said in a statement that he was "deeply saddened by the news of the appointment" and "sorrowfully regrets the negative reaction that our diplomatic mission has received in the past."

Kerry told reporters in Washington that the U.S. is working with China to "build a better relationship with the people of China and to bring stability to the region."

But he said his office is not taking any position on the appointment, and has not made any new announcements.

"The State Department continues to work cooperatively with the U.S. government on all aspects of the bilateral relationship